hello today we will you
propose to caramel liquid
how to make a liquid caramel then
for these we need three things
firstly 125 g of sugar 10 grams
of water and 70 g of lemon juice
so I'll first put my sugar
in a pot
here I add the water you see there
really has very little compared
at sugar so here I am going to do
caramelize
this mixture of sugar and water so we go
do not blush too much either because
that after he is going to have bitterness and
once this caramel is going to be blond we
will add our lemon juice and
the advantage that the acidity of the juice of
lemon will be able to leave the caramel
liquid
he's not going thick syria is not going
harden by cooling so there we go
put our sugar to caramelize
you see there the sugar started to
blondir a little bit a thing that is
very important when you make a caramel
like that we do not put any
metallic materials in the pan
because otherwise the sugar will harden it goes
what is called mass and therefore we stir
just the pan like these
have but no external element to the
pan to prevent that from being like
these one leaves colored so there we see
that those on that side started well
golden then we mix it here in
turning the pan like that with the
hand so we'll let them color
still a little bit because there is
a little bit clear still to my
taste it's good it's perfect
so what are we going to do now we have
our caramel is the right color and
we will pour the lemon juice
we can put a little whip now
it does not affect well for
Mix everything is left to melt their
the small pieces of caramel that are
on the wind of the pan
so you see this caramel and well well
liquid and so can after now
use it either to put those of
games with snow or decoration on
desserts for a plate then you
put to keep it in a pot at
fridge and it keeps very very well